# StockTradingUsingGeneticAlgorithmsCsharpAndPython

This is an example only. Daily in wallstreet thousands of traders trade, lose and make money with different strategies, mostly speculating and many of them have strategies that work based on other traders psicology. I decided to use genetic algorithms to simulate a "wallstreet" where different agents with different conditions and values would trade, and after many generations and trades only the good traders would survive, evolve and reproduce. THis strategy generated multiple "traders" that would make money, thisone is an example of the agent generated, this is one of the first versions of the algorithm so it is simple and agressive.

This bot was generated by a genetic algorithm that runs trading simulation 24/7 in a couple of private servers.
The bot was selected as the best on its trading style by the algorithm and then placed here.
The genetic algorithm was written in C# but the code to be run is in Python.
I will not share the ToroBot Agent trainer (the C# code) for now, but I will share the algorithm that I wrote and the generated Agent.

The autogenerated code is only the class class TraderAgent_RSIBASED_RGQF the rest was the algorithm used as a base to be used during generation and trading and it was manually writen.

To run it you will have to create a Quantopian account, and run it in there since their libraries are not available for external use ( it is free to use tho).
The algorithm is no longer usefull since XIV stopped trading in 2018-02-12 but by then the algorithm got a profit of 353.24% for the current portfolio real money trading ( my personal portfolio).
If the algorithm was run from 12-10-2010 to 2018-02-12 it would have made 24719% in profits.

To run:
- Create quantopian account.
- Create new Algorithm.
- Copy and paste the code.
- Run backtest.


Note: This algorithm is no longer useful since XIV stopped trading in 2018-02-13
